memo on github 깃허브에 메모를 하자. 언제 어디서나 보고, 쓰고, 내 느낌을 공유하게.

2021.6.16 Wed
about-face  백팔십도 바뀐 태도
    	about-face   about-faces  
	An about-face is a complete change of attitude or opinion.
	    Few observers believe the president will do an about-face and start spending more.
	N-COUNT  
	= about-turn, volte-face  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

snub  은근슬쩍 개무시, 콧대 높은
    1	snub   snubs   snubbing   snubbed  
	If you snub someone, you deliberately insult them by ignoring them or by behaving or speaking rudely towards them.
	    He snubbed her in public and made her feel an idiot.
	    They snubbed his invitation to a meeting of foreign ministers at the UN.
	VB  
	
    2	snub   snubs  
	If you snub someone, your behaviour or your remarks can be referred to as a snub.
	    Ryan took it as a snub.
	    The German move was widely seen as a deliberate snub to Mr Cook.
	N-COUNT  
	
    3	snub  
	Someone who has a snub nose has a short nose which points slightly upwards.
	ADJ: ADJ n  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

2021.6.15 Tue

** NYT: Can travel be fun again?

hideous 견디기힘든/고통스런 경험, 사건 	    
    1	hideous  
	If you say that someone or something is hideous, you mean that they are very ugly or unattractive.
	    She saw a hideous face at the window and screamed.
	    ...hideous new Europe architecture, and horrible metal sculptures.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= monstrous, horrible  
    2	hideous  
	You can describe an event, experience, or action as hideous when you mean that it is very unpleasant, painful, or difficult to bear.
	    His family was subjected to a hideous attack by the gang.
	    It's been a perfectly hideous day.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= horrendous  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.


2021.6.14 Mon

** NYT: It's irrelevant that Boris is incompetent
33 aberration  	    
    1	aberration   aberrations  
	An aberration is an incident or way of behaving that is not typical. (FORMAL)
	    It became very clear that the incident was not just an aberration, it was not just a single incident.
	N-VAR  
	
    2	aberration   aberrations  
	If someone considers a person or their behaviour to be an aberration, they think that they are strange and not socially acceptable. (FORMAL)
	    Single people are treated as an aberration and made to pay a supplement.
	    ...sexual aberration.
	N-VAR  disapproval  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

32 unperturbed
    adjective
    	    calm, as cool as a cucumber, composed, cool, placid, unfazed (informal), unruffled, untroubled, unworried
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

31 swagger  	    
    	swagger   swaggers   swaggering   swaggered  
	If you swagger, you walk in a very proud, confident way, holding your body upright and swinging your hips.
	    A broad shouldered man wearing a dinner jacket swaggered confidently up to the bar.
	    The burly brute swaggered forward, towering over me, and shouted.
	    John Steed was an arrogant, swaggering young man.
	VB  
	= strut  
    +	swagger  
	Also a noun.
	    He walked with something of a swagger.
	N-SING  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

30 bigotry  	    
    	bigotry  
	Bigotry is the possession or expression of strong, unreasonable prejudices or opinions.
	    He deplored religious bigotry.
	N-UNCOUNT  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

Stephen
UKJune 11
Times Pick

29 Johnson leads the only government in the West willing to stand up to political correctness. It is presently in the process of legislating against cancel culture on campuses. For that reason alone he gets my vote. Readers may want to liken him to Trump but in fact they are opposites. Trump was a shallow unintelligent man pretending to be up to the colossal job of the presidency. Johnson is a very intelligent man who hides his intellect so as to appeal to the masses.
28 repugnant  	    
    	repugnant  
	If you think that something is horrible and disgusting, you can say that it is repugnant. (FORMAL)
	    The odour of vitamin in skin is repugnant to insects.
	    The Committee said his actions were improper and repugnant.
	ADJ-GRADED: oft ADJ to n  
	= repellent  
    ?repugnance  
	    She felt a deep sense of shame and repugnance.
	N-UNCOUNT  
	= disgust  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

27 by-blow

    1. a side-blow not at the main target.
    2. a man's illegitimate child.
    "he was, he declared, a by-blow of the prince"

26 amnesia  	    
    	amnesia  
	If someone is suffering from amnesia, they have lost their memory.
	    People suffering from amnesia don't forget their general knowledge of objects.
	N-UNCOUNT  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.


riskstrategies
LondonJune 11
Times Pick

25 Only one word explains Mr. Johnson: charisma 
No current politician in the UK even comes close.
Indeed there are fewer than 5 politicians in the world  who are  charismatic. It is not something that can be learned or taught, you either  have it or you don't.

24 litany  	    
    1	litany   litanies  
	If you describe what someone says, especially when it is a long list of things, as a litany, you mean that you have often heard it repeated, and you think it is boring or insincere.
	    She remained in the doorway, listening to his litany of complaints against her client.
	N-COUNT: usu with supp, oft N of n  disapproval  
	
    2	litany   litanies  
	A litany is part of a church service in which the priest says a set group of words and the people reply, also using a set group of words.
	N-COUNT  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

23 bogus  	    
    	bogus  
	If you describe something as bogus, you mean that it is not genuine.
	    ...their bogus insurance claim...
	    He said these figures were bogus and totally inaccurate.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= phoney  * bona fide  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

22 dissonance  	    
    	dissonance  
	Dissonance is a lack of agreement or harmony between things. (FORMAL)
	N-UNCOUNT  
	= discord  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

21 jar 유쾌하지 않은, 놀라운(4) 	    
    1	jar   jars  
	A jar is a glass container with a lid that is used for storing food.
	    ...yellow cucumbers in great glass jars.
	N-COUNT  
	
    2	jar   jars  
	You can use jar to refer to a jar and its contents, or to the contents only.
	    She opened up a glass jar of plums.
	    ...two jars of filter coffee.
	N-COUNT: oft N of n  
	
    3	jar   jars  
	If you have a jar, you have a drink with friends in a pub. (BRIT, INFORMAL)
	    They had a few jars together.
	N-COUNT  
	
    4	jar   jars   jarring   jarred  
	If something jars on you, you find it unpleasant, disturbing, or shocking.
	    Sometimes a light remark jarred on her father.
	    ...televised congressional hearings that jarred the nation's faith in the presidency...
	    You shouldn't have too many colours in a small space as the effect can jar.
	VB  
	
    ?jarring  
	    In the context of this chapter, Dore's comments strike a jarring note.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= grating  
    5	jar   jars   jarring   jarred  
	If an object jars, or if something jars it, the object moves with a fairly hard shaking movement.
	    The ship jarred a little.
	    The impact jarred his arm.
	V-ERG  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

20 deprecate  	    
    	deprecate   deprecates   deprecating   deprecated  
	If you deprecate something, you criticize it. (FORMAL)
	    As time went on he also deprecated the low quality of entrants to the profession.
	    As a lawyer, I would deprecate any sort of legal control on gene therapy at this stage.
	VB  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

19 bravado  	    
    	bravado  
	Bravado is an appearance of courage or confidence that someone shows in order to impress other people.
	    `You won't get away with this,' he said with unexpected bravado.
	N-UNCOUNT  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

18 unassailable  	    
    	unassailable  
	If you describe something or someone as unassailable, you mean that nothing can alter, destroy, or challenge them.
	    That was enough to give Mansell an unassailable lead.
	    His legal position is unassailable.
	    Liverpool football club are still looking unassailable.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= invulnerable  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

17 derogatory  	    
    	derogatory  
	If you make a derogatory remark or comment about someone or something, you express your low opinion of them.
	    He refused to withdraw derogatory remarks made about his boss.
	ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

16 chumocracy 
a derogatory term for a ruling elite that is made up of people from the same social background who went to the same schools and universities and know each other socially
If Clacton has problems, they are caused by the chumocracy in Westminster of which you are a part.

15 sleaze  	    
    	sleaze  
	You use sleaze to describe activities that you consider immoral, dishonest, or not respectable, especially in politics, business, journalism, or entertainment. (INFORMAL)
	    She claimed that an atmosphere of sleaze and corruption now surrounded the Government.
	    The President denounced the press for engaging in `sleaze' and called the story a lie.
	    ...porn movies and sleaze.
	N-UNCOUNT  disapproval  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

14 dodgy  	    
    1	dodgy   dodgier   dodgiest  
	If you describe someone or something as dodgy, you disapprove of them because they seem rather dishonest and unreliable. (BRIT, INFORMAL)
	    He was a bit of a dodgy character.
	    ...cash made in dodgy underworld deals.
	ADJ-GRADED  disapproval  
	= suspect  
    2	dodgy   dodgier   dodgiest  
	If you say that something is dodgy, you mean that it seems rather risky, dangerous, or unreliable.  (BRIT, INFORMAL)
	    Predicting voting trends from economic forecasts is a dodgy business.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= chancy  
    3	dodgy   dodgier   dodgiest  
	If you say that someone has a dodgy heart or knee, for example, you mean that that part of their body is not very strong or healthy. (BRIT, INFORMAL)
	    My heart's a bit dodgy with all those years of painkillers.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

13 eviscerate  	    
    1	eviscerate   eviscerates   eviscerating   eviscerated  
	To eviscerate a person or animal means to remove their internal organs, such as their heart, lungs, and stomach. (FORMAL)
	    ...strangling and eviscerating rabbits for the pot.
	VB  
	
    2	eviscerate   eviscerates   eviscerating   eviscerated  
	If you say that something will eviscerate an organization or system, you are emphasizing that it will make the organization or system much weaker or much less powerful. (FORMAL)
	    Democrats say the petition will eviscerate state government.
	VB  emphasis  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

12 backslapping
    the action of effusively congratulating or encouraging someone, typically by slapping a person's back.
    "effusive displays of backslapping and arm-punching"

adjective
adjective: backslapping; adjective: back-slapping

    vigorously hearty.
    "those cheerful, backslapping journalists"

11 effusive  	    
    	effusive  
	If you describe someone as effusive, you mean that they express pleasure, gratitude, or approval in a very enthusiastic way.
	    He was effusive in his praise for the general.
	    She was very gushing and very effusive.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= unreserved  
    ?effusively  
	    She greeted them effusively.
	ADV-GRADED  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

10 febrile  	    
    	febrile  
	Febrile behaviour is intensely and nervously active. (LITERARY)
	    The news plunged the nation into a febrile, agitated state.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= feverish  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

9  bracing  	    
    	bracing  
	If you describe something, especially a place, climate, or activity as bracing, you mean that it makes you feel fresh and full of energy.
	    ...a bracing walk.
	ADJ-GRADED  
	= invigorating  
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

8 inaptitude 
lack of suitability or skill.
"his guileless inaptitude for all worldly affairs"

There is a definite tendency to use "inapt" for "not suitable", "not appropriate", "out of place".
Ex.: His teaching of science is both inept and inapt.
Meaning: His teaching is both incompetent (he lacks pedag. skills) and unsuitable / inappropriate (considering the students taught).
https://forum.wordreference.com/threads/ineptitude-inaptitude.1671162/
 

7 With healthy approval ratings and at the helm of a party boasting an 80-seat majority, his power is assured.

6 helm  	    
    1	helm   helms  
	The helm of a boat or ship is the part that is used to steer it.
	    I got into our dinghy while Willis took the helm and positioned the boat for the photograph.
	N-COUNT: usu sing  
	
    2	helm  
	You can say that someone is at the helm when they are leading or running a country or organization.
	    He has been at the helm of Lonrho for 31 years.
	    ...Yutaka Kume, who took the helm as Nissan's president in June 1985.
	N-SING: the N  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

5 can greet his fellow global leaders in a spirit of triumph. 그의 세계 지도자 동료들에게 승리로 화답할 수 있다. 

4 acrimony 쓴 소리
    	acrimony  
	Acrimony is bitter and angry words or quarrels. (FORMAL)
	    The council's first meeting ended in acrimony.
	N-UNCOUNT  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

3 constituency  선거구
	    1	constituency   constituencies  
	A constituency is an area for which someone is elected as the representative in a parliament or government.
	N-COUNT  
	
    2	constituency   constituencies  
	A particular constituency is a section of society that may give political support to a particular party or politician.
	    Mr Jackson had a natural constituency among American blacks.
	    In France, farmers are a powerful political constituency.
	N-COUNT: usu with supp  
	
(c) HarperCollins Publishers.

by-election  보궐선거
A by-election is an election that is held to choose a new member of parliament when a member has resigned or died. (BRIT)
N-COUNT  
	
2 venal  돈만 밝히는
If you describe someone as venal, you disapprove of them because they are prepared to do almost anything in return for money, even things which are dishonest or immoral.
    Ian Trimmer is corrupt and thoroughly venal.
    ...venal politicians.
ADJ-GRADED  disapproval  

1 slapdash 멋대로인
If you describe someone as slapdash, you mean that they do things carelessly without much thinking or planning.
    ...a slapdash student...
    Malcolm's work methods appear amazingly slapdash.
ADJ-GRADED  also slap-dash.  disapproval  


2021.6.11 Fri
google tpu v4 design by AI

2021.6.9 Wed
Rider for Unity: A smarter way to write C# for Unity
https://www.jetbrains.com/dotnet/promo/unity/?rdt_cid=3309020458143146560


2021.6.7 Mon
Amsterdam Dispatch
Sinkholes, Collapsing Canal Walls, Rickety Bridges: Amsterdam Is Crumbling
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/06/05/world/europe/amsterdam-crumbling-infrastructure-canals.html?action=click&module=Top%20Stories&pgtype=Homepage

2021.6.6 Sun
How to Use React-Router to create an SPA
https://javascript.plainenglish.io/react-router-and-spas-made-easy-19fd1db0d6fc

Why Poland is one of the best places to outsource your software development
https://medium.com/@NeotericEU/single-page-application-vs-multiple-page-application-2591588efe58

Bootstrap’s cards
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/card/
Navbar
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/navbar/

Educational and training tutorials 
https://www.automationdirect.com/videos/home

Top Free PLC Simulator Software
https://forumautomation.com/t/top-free-plc-simulator-software/2789/1

Do-more PLC Simulator
https://support.automationdirect.com/products/domore.html

China wants to put itself back at the centre of the world
https://www.economist.com/special-report/2020/02/06/china-wants-to-put-itself-back-at-the-centre-of-the-world

Definition of the Fourier Series
https://brilliant.org/wiki/fourier-series/

PI Cloud is here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eINJcU11PpE


2021.6.5 Sat
All together now: the most trustworthy covid-19 model is an ensemble
https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/05/28/1025478/covid-ensemble-model-forecast-trustworthy/

How to Grow Aquarium Plants From Seeds—How Long Do They Take
https://aquariawise.com/how-to-grow-aquarium-plants-from-seeds/

Digital Twin Market
https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/digital-twin-market-225269522.html?gclid=Cj0KCQjwweyFBhDvARIsAA67M71lVhGmPJn8nqKDDQ2EKzlVGw4wrVRR3WDnYo_JDD-_pUDk4hSjPGIaAniYEALw_wcB

Digital Twin Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026) 
https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/digital-twin-market

数字孪生
http://dict.youdao.com/w/digital_twin/

全球数字孪生市场大预测：2025 年的 358 亿美元，年复合增长率（CAGR）高达 37.8%
https://www.sohu.com/a/361964621_465914

Value Semantics and C# structs
To struct or not to struct
http://blog.s-schoener.com/2018-03-04-value-semantics-csharp/

Unity Animation Curves for Sampling
A neat trick to allow designers to specify probability distributions
http://blog.s-schoener.com/2018-05-05-animation-curves/

PLCopen.org
PLCopen Guidelines for usage of Object-Oriented Programming
https://plcopen.org/downloads?field_category_target_id=164